Negotiation Roleplay Scenario - December 10
VIEW RECORDING - 19 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/-aqmcJzBTy7xHxJMQ5yQ7Px3vUJjy1xi

---

0:00 - D C
  thank you firstly thank you very much for meeting with me I think it's uh it's very important that we discuss uh harvest in the algae near your fish in village as I mentioned before we are in the process of finalizing a very important drug for a disease that affects a quarter of the world's population and we found an ingredient in the algae which is not far off from shore from your village that we need to harvest it  and the reason why we meet him today is because we would like to propose that and ask for your permission to harvest this algae and we want to hear what your concerns are and what your views are about this.

1:21 - B K
  Basically, harvesting the algae from our island will kill us and everything on it because the algae is the bedrock of the local economy and the local food chain.  All of the animal life relies on the algae because there's a specific snail that eats this algae and everything else eats that snail or the things that eat the snail.  So for us, like removal of the algae is removal of the foundation of our our economy and our way of life.  would have no fish to catch, you would have. no tourism without very very little left and we would basically be damaged destroyed if it's removed.

2:14 - D C
  So I hear that the major concern and the major support that this algae is giving your villages is basically food support for the entire village.  What else does it bring to your village and to your well-being?

2:36 - B K
  Well it's essentially it's food and livelihoods. It has we eat the local seafood, local animals and aside from that the livelihood is selling what we what we don't.  So we provide our catching food for ourselves or catching food to sell.

2:58 - D C
  And so I would I wasn't aware of that, I must, I must see them the most terrible scientists on, on earth to, to want to take your livelihood away.  And I'm, I find myself in a, in a position where we, we probably need to investigate more, some other solutions for your village in terms of, perhaps, sourcing some other food and for sourcing other materials that will help you survive and prosper as a village.  So what, if in the hypothesis that the RG will, will not be there, what will you, what will you be willing to accept in order to,  village to prosper. I'm talking, perhaps, additional food that we can bring in. We can bring additional livestock to probably grow on the island or maybe some vegetation that we can grow and you can harvest and probably move a little bit away from the sea and more onto the land.  Would you be willing to even look at this proposal and maybe see what it would bring in terms of the future for the next five to ten years?

4:50 - B K
  The basics of what you're offering sound quite reasonable, but there's a deeper connection that we have people have always been on the water, getting our food from the water, connecting with all the plants and animals and the movement of this algae would be a loss of what sustains us and connects us to our past.  So, I don't see a way forward where the algae is removed wholesale. Perhaps, perhaps you can take samples and grow it somewhere else.  And leave our algae for us and the fish and animals.

5:35 - D C
  Right, we've tried, I hear that you come in with solutions and we've tried to clone this algae and grow somewhere else and it seems that it likes only this specific area.  And the situation is probably that I would. I would suggest still to maybe bring other scientists on board that they can come with solutions for your village, that you can still connect with the water, perhaps offering boats that maybe increase the range where you're going fishing, and that will provide the villages with those boats and support to still go out to sea but maybe a little bit further than usual.  Is that something that you'll be willing to speak to your elders? I can speak with them.

6:49 - B K
  I know that many of them are much more sad in our ways than I am because they're older than me.  They want for their grandchildren and great grandchildren and that they live and it's it's different than simply being stubborn.  They've in one of the lives they've lived and they want to share that with the next generations. Something like creating an artificial island nearby, maybe where we can try growing the algae very close to here but not having taken our algae or section of a very small portion of the island where the algae that's there, you're free to collect and work with and grow.  My major concern is that if we start harvesting the algae perhaps it won't be able to grow back fast enough.  So I don't want to allow a large presence on the island because it could very quickly slip out of control and we don't have any guarantee we've never dealt.  it's your people, it's your people before. So we don't know how trustworthy you are.

8:04 - D C
  Of course, that makes sense. We are very involved in the eco aspect of the entire operation. We've already dealt with scientists and asked them to analyze the reproduction of the algae.  They have said that it will 100% reproduce to its original state within the next 10 years and I think 10 years it's quite far to look ahead and say what are we going to do for the next 10 years and what guarantees do we have with that and I think this is at the core of our culture and our values is to, yes, we're trying to save probably  250 million people, potentially with a drug that will cure this disease of the 2020, but also we want to put it equally important the survivability of your village and to keep the traditions and especially most importantly to keep the ecosystem as intact as we can.  So I think from that point of view we're looking at how we can integrate the needs of your village which are very important and also how to ensure that the ecosystem survives in a similar way or even better.  So I think what I can go back to the drawing board and ask is how we can sure that the survivability of the algae can be done while we harvest and to ensure that there's another process of increasing its numbers, so just to multiply it.  So I think if we can go back to that, so we harvest that at the same time there's another team of scientists that will try to propagate this algae either in this area or somewhere near this area so that it doesn't affect the ecosystem.  And then we can probably visit as a pilot scheme to see how it looks, what it looks like six months.  How would that sound for you?

10:48 - B K
  You seem to need to be an honest man and what I'm willing to do is take small steps that  work for both of us, because it sounds like you're willing to help my village deal with any impacts, you're also willing to help us change how we've been doing things while still keeping the spirit of what we do alive.  I'm willing to set aside a perhaps a small area to try harvesting to see how long it takes to recover.  Because they take all of it now, and just take it on faith that 10 years from now, it'll be back.  Okay, that's great. 10 years from now, if that if that's true, but next year, there's none. And how long are these animals and birds going to live without their food supply ecosystem will collapse before the 10 years arrives.  So the pattern of harvesting would need to be out of pace, the algae can reproduce or slower. That way, the algae's biomass stays healthy, stays abundant enough to sustain everything else that it's currently giving life to.

12:12 - D C
  Yes, indeed. Has you heard of this?

12:16 - B K
  Sorry, if you guys harvest everything and it doesn't come back, then this algae is just gone and you have no more supply for your drugs.  So this, this approach of what's harvest and see, well, that's not going work out so well for you, potentially.  Let's, let's go slower. understand that there's a huge potential for, for saving people. But if we move too fast, we might squander a resource that's beneficial in multiple ways.

12:46 - D C
  Yes, I wanted to ask you, have you heard of Amazon International? It's a fellow company that it's also looking to harvest the entire algae.  have they approached you at all? I know there are plans in their works that they've dealt with the government and to come in and also harvest the entire algae, but have they come to speak with you and address your needs?

13:17 - B K
  They may have approached us. They have a reputation for disregarding the environment, including when they make promises to respect the environment.  I think they overcharge for what they produce, so there's a predatory aspect. I'm not inclined to work with them because it would seem to be like a one-time payday and then long-term consequences with no real recourse if you were to work with them.  I would prefer to work with you because you're scientists, you're a man of intelligence and You find this algae fascinating.  You care about it. And I can work with that. I can't work with greed because greed will burn for game today.  But it seems that you have a different approach to the situation.

14:20 - D C
  I appreciate the vote of confidence and we do is the core of what we're doing. It's the values and the ecosystem and to make sure that we we protect the earth as much as and appreciate what it gives us back.  So I think we do have some work to go back to my team and to the sponsors and to especially if we have an agreement that we can at least begin this harvesting and this collaboration.  Perhaps go back to your elders and to find out what they would be willing to to agree with and to that we can quickly again and see what each party has agreed to and hopefully come to a fruitful negotiation.  How does that sound for you?

15:26 - B K
  That sounds good for me. I would need to talk with the others, sadly many of them are losing their memories, so there's less of them there to talk to them I'd like.  Something that I'm noticing is that the snails do eat the algae so it is able to regenerate. The question for me is simply how much can be taken without without going too far and permanently introducing the algae supply.  And as long as we're taking it at a rate that it can and cover, I'm okay with finding some some kind of agreement, especially when you're offering technology or if you'd be able to offer health care for our elders, to help them keep their memories, that would be something that I think would go a long way to being able to find an agreement.

16:21 - D C
  And also on that, we're running out of time, so it's probably our last a piece or my last piece is that this drug is curing Alzheimer, is Alzheimer's, which is a drug that cures memory and the ability to remain cognitive.  And hopefully if we produce this drug on time, or fast enough, then some of the elders would benefit from it as well.  that would be a direct contribution from the harvesting of the algae. to your for your village, for the benefit of your village, and the future as well.

17:11 - B K
  Is that only possible with a total harvest?

17:16 - D C
  That for as far as my information goes, yes, it's possible with a least possible with a total harvest. But I think in terms of having a look at other areas, I can go back to my team and to say let's look again at some other areas, let's look again at some possibilities of why we harvest and we also propagate with other means and focus on that.  So there's a few more questions that that are needed for my team so I can come back to the negotiating table and  and finalize it. My understanding of the moment is that only with total harvest will be successful to finalize this drug and therefore the question remains, what are we going to do to support this village for the next 10 years if hypothetically this algae regenerates in the next 10 years.  So this is the big question that I have and that I want to address in the next meeting that we have as well.  So yes, we need a total harvest, but what are we, we cannot based on our values, harvest the algae and leave your village without tradition and with a means of survival.  So I think this is the one question that I would like to to bring back to to the team, perhaps look at different investors, I think investors that do care about the environment.  Yeah, so that's what I would like to do. What do you think? How does that sound?

19:17 - B K
  Sounds good. Sounds like we need to speak with our people